# Cookie Policy

This is the cookie policy of ISCC Foundation (“**ISCC Foundation**”, "we," "us" or "our"), a company
having its address at Boerhaavelaan 99, Leiden. ISCC Foundation, registered in the Trade registry of
the Chamber of Commerce with the number KvK 74793241. This cookie policy explains how we use cookies
and how we share and protect your data in relation to our website https://iscc.foundation (the
"**Service**"). We use the cookies and collect your data in a manner which is compliable with the
General Data Protection Regulation (**“GDPR”**), the Dutch telecommunication law and all other
relevant which is in effect at this moment.

## What are cookies?

Cookies are small text files placed on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you use the
Service. Cookies are not capable or harming your computer, tablet or mobile phone. Cookies are
needed to be able to provide you with a smooth functioning Service. We use three types of cookies,
namely functional cookies, analytical cookies and tracking cookies. However, we will only use the
tracking cookies with your consent. When you do not consent to the use of tracking cookies, the
Service will work less smoothly as with tracking cookies.

## Right of access, right of rectification, right to object and right to data portability

If you would like to have access to your personal data, if you would like to change or delete your
personal data and/or if you would like to transfer your data or have your data transferred to a
third party, than please contact ISCC Foundation by sending an email to ISCC Foundation or by
sending a letter to:

ISCC Foundation Boerhaavelaan 99 2334EG Leiden

## Unforeseen cookies

We are constantly trying to keep a good overview on the cookies on our Service. However, it is
possible that third parties place cookies on the Service. If that happens, you will not find these
cookies in this overview. This mainly concerns embedded elements, for example cookies from an
embedded YouTube video. Do you find cookies on the Service that are not listed in this overview?
Than please contact us by sending an email to info@iscc.foundation.

## Safety and security

ISCC Foundation has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures by using the latest
technologies to protect your information against loss or unlawful processing. We use safeguards to
help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take steps (such as requesting a
unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. We request you
to do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password
and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and ISCC Foundation, at
all times.

## When do we share the obtained information?

We do not share information that we have obtained with our functional cookies. Information which we
have obtained with our analytical cookies are only shared with third parties without your consent
after we have anonymized this information. Other information obtained with analytical cookies is
only shared with third parties after we have received your consent. Information obtained with
tracking cookies is only shared after we have received your consent.

## Children

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 16
("**Children**"). If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us
with personal information, please contact us at info@iscc.foundation. If we become aware that we
have collected personal information from Children without verification of parental consent, we will
take steps to remove that information from our servers. If we have collected personal data from you
when you in the period that you were a Child and if you would like to have this information removed,
we will attempt to delete this data at your request. You can send this request to us by contacting
us at info@iscc.foundation.

## Change of control

If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of ISCC Foundation or our assets to another
organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy,
dissolution, liquidation), your information collected through the Service may be among the items
sold or transferred. The buyer or transferee will honor the commitments we have made in this cookie
policy.

## Changes to this cookie policy

ISCC Foundation may modify or update our cookie policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new cookie policy on this page. You are advised to review this cookie policy
periodically for any changes. Changes to this cookie policy are effective when they are posted on
this page.

## How to contact us

If you have any questions about this cookie policy of the Service, please contact us by sending an
email to info@iscc.foundation.
