---
hide:
  - navigation
title: About the ISCC
description: About the International Standard Content Code
---

# About the ISCC

!!! note "ISCC has a new Website"

    This website is deprecated! We leave it running for historic reasins but it is not updated.

    ## **Please visit our new site at [iscc.io](https://iscc.io)**

![iscc-sample](images/iscc-logo.png)

The need for a *universal identifier* for *digital content* has emerged as an increasing amount of
dynamic, short-lived and granular *digital content* is produced, consumed and processed. Commercial
interests of many stakeholders depend on proper identification of *digital content*.

Professionally produced *digital content* but also semi-professional and user-generated *content*
are the currency of the information age.

A variety of specific *content identifier* standards already exist, but a universal
*content-dependent identifier* for *digital assets* has not yet been developed.

In particular, the structure and management of *identifiers* for *digital content* have a
substantial impact on the level of possible adoption, automation, and the potential for
machine-to-machine communication and innovation within and across different industry sectors.

*Digital content* is dynamic, always in motion, and acted upon globally by a variety of entities
with different interests and requirements. *Digital content* continuously re-encodes, resizes, and
re-compresses, changing its underlying *data* as it travels through a complex network of *actors*
and systems.

**The International Standard Content Code (ISCC)** is a proposal for universal *identifier* for
*digital assets* that encode text, images, audio, video or other *content.*

The ISCC is generated from the *digital content* itself. It is the result of processing the *digital
content* using a variety of *hash algorithms.* The generated code supports *data* integrity
verification and also preserves an estimate of the *data*, *digital content* and *metadata*
similarity. However, ISCC is not a replacement for a *content recognition system*.

![ISCC Components Structure](images/iscc-components.svg)

The ISCC bridges the gap between higher-level *content identifiers* like work and product
*identifiers* and their relations to digitally encoded manifestations of *content*. Because the ISCC
is a *content-dependent identifier,* it does not necessarily require a registration authority. The
ISCC does not specify a system for managing authoritative *metadata*. Other *content identifier*
standards can use ISCC to support discoverability of their *identifiers* and *metadata* based on
*digital content*.

The ISCC enables interoperability at the level of the *digital asset* and supports scenarios that
require *content* deduplication, integrity verification, timestamping, versioning, *data*
provenance, fact-checking and general *digital asset* management use-cases at regional, national or
international scale.

## Standardization

The ISCC will be even more useful the more users agree on the suggested standard procedure of
hashing the content in order to create the contentâ€™s unique code. The ISCC has been accepted by ISO
as full work item **ISO/CD 24138.2 - International Standard Content Code** and is currently being
standardized at TC 46/SC 9/WG 18. https://www.iso.org/standard/77899.html

## Specification

See ISCC Specification at: <https://iscc.codes>
