# Privacy Policy

This is the Privacy Policy of ISCC Foundation (hereinafter referred to as "ISCC Foundation," "we,"
"us" or "our"), a company having its address at Boerhaavelaan 99, 2334EG Leiden. ISCC Foundation is
registered with the Chamber of Commerce under number KvK 74793241. Our Privacy Policy explains how
we collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our website https://iscc.foundation
(the "**Service**"). We collect this information when you visit our website with your computer,
tablet or mobile phone (“**Computer**”). We process personal data in a manner that is in accordance
with the General Data Protection Regulation (the “**GDPR**”), the GDPR-based legislation and the
other current privacy legislation.

By using the Service, you understand and agree to the collection and use of information in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others
who access the Service ("**Users**").

## What kinds of information do we collect?

**Information you provide**

We collect the following information you provide us with directly:

1. as Your name;
1. Communications between you and ISCC Foundation (e.g., we may send you Service-related emails);

**Log file information**

We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service. This log file
information may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address, browser type,
browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time
spent on those pages and other statistics.

## How do we use this information?

We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Services. Here is how:

1. remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you
   visit the Service;
1. provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
1. monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
1. diagnose or fix technology problems;
1. develop and test new products and features; and

## How is this information shared?

We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside ISCC Foundation.

**Change of control**

If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of ISCC Foundation or our assets to another
organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy,
dissolution, liquidation), your information collected through the Service may be among the items
sold or transferred. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this
Privacy Policy.

**Legal requests and preventing harm**

We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search
warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so.
We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary
to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and
others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of
time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or
investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent
harm.

## Safety and security

ISCC Foundation has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures by using the latest
technologies to protect your information against loss or unlawful processing. We use safeguards to
help keep the information collected through the Service secure. However, ISCC Foundation cannot
ensure the security of any information you transmit to ISCC Foundation or guarantee that information
on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. We request you to do your part
to help us. You are responsible for controlling access to emails between you and ISCC Foundation, at
all times. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other
organization.

## International transfer

Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on computers located outside of your state,
province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than
those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Netherlands and choose to provide
information to us, please note that we transfer the information to The Netherlands. Your consent to
this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to
that transfer.

## Retention period

In accordance with the law, ISCC Foundation does not retain data any longer than is required for
attaining the purposes for which they were collected.

## Inspection and correction

If you wish to know which of your data ISCC Foundation has recorded or if you wish to amend or
remove data that you cannot amend via your account, please contact ISCC Foundation.

## Third-party applications, websites and services

We are not responsible for the practices employed by any applications, websites or services linked
to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember
that when you use a link to go from our Service to another application, website or service, our
Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party applications, websites or services. Your browsing
and interaction on any third-party application, website or service, including those that have a link
on our Services, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies.

## Children's privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("**Children**"). We do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian
and you are aware that your Children has provided us with personal information, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without
verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes to this privacy policy

We may modify or update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by
posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy
periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on
this page.

## How to contact us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy of the Service, please send an email to
info@iscc.foundation.
